Ms atp typo (#39729)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftDefenderAdvancedThreatProtection/ReleaseNotes/1_18_5.md

#### Integrations

##### Microsoft Defender for Endpoint

> - Fixed the default query used in **microsoft-atp-advanced-hunting-process-details** command when using with ***powershell_execution_unsigned_files*** argument. The query will ignore the ***SenseIR.exe*** process when used as ***InitiatingProcessFileName***. 

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed the default query used in the **microsoft-atp-advanced-hunting-process-details** command when running with the ***powershell_execution_unsigned_files*** argument. The query will ignore the ***SenseIR.exe*** Initiating Process File Name. 
```
